so James and I haven't really reached a
consensus on why exactly it is we are
doing this video do you mind grabbing an
end oh wow I don't need it it's really
not very heavy but thank you anyway he
figures it's because well we keep doing
all these cheap display videos yeah and
then we were doing these Walmart videos
yeah
so why not just make a sandwich of those
two you know what sure let's go with
that so this is the 43 inch LED HDTV
class full class and we're gonna find
out if how much does this thing cost I
think a hundred and sixty eight bucks
some people have got it for 125 on
clearance we're gonna find out if the 43
inch 125 dollar TV is worth one hundred
and twenty five dollars if it even makes
it to you alive really shaking your head
and this video is brought to you behind
story blogs story blocks offers to use
studio-quality stock video clips for a
fraction of the cost
check out story blocks at the link in
the video description
[Music]
I think we should actually assess the
the shipping and packaging this it has a
huge gen it's possible or possibly it's
possible that Tyler drop-kicked this but
I don't think so and the reason I'm
doing a concern is because inside
there's really not a lot of extra
packaging so not only is this a cheaper
a hard type foam but this is cheaper
among the hard type foam packing
materials that I've encountered did you
see the way that piece just came apart
okay can we do a video together with you
not throwing absolutely no video no it's
in my contract there's nothing we crunch
there's nothing a front small correction
just after mine and James's styrofoam
fight to the death we actually found
that there is a little bit more
protection on the panel side there's
this piece of cardboard it weighs like
nothing the spec sheet says eighteen
point five pounds but it feels lighter
doesn't it just because it's so big it's
like there's nothing in it so there's
our IR receiver on a little PCB there
there's our stereo speakers that I have
oh very high expectations for I will say
that cheap TVs have come a long way in
terms of their i/o or at least I don't
know this one has so it's got an audio
pass-through so if you have HDMI audio
coming in from your cable box or your
console or whatever you can pass that
through to your standalone speakers
optical in or out unclear at this time
and then you've got actually component
in as well as composite and then you've
also got three actually three HDMI
count'em three HDMI ports including one
with audio return channel so that's neat
cabling
what is this big that some kind of old
people connector and of course there's
one USB port which I mean it's nice to
have especially since this is not a
smart TV so if you want to have any
Smart TV features you're gonna have to
get like a fire TV stick or Roku
wherever they call theirs yeah so at
least you can power something with it
even if you don't want to just load
videos onto a USB thumb drive and plug
them into your TV like my parents did
until actually I'm pretty sure they
still do that it's got a base amount and
you can probably just double-sided tape
it to the wall for how much good waste
I'm kidding don't do that but like holy
crap that's even with a metal backing
like this isn't even a plastic backing
like the panel itself was just way
nothing
and it's not like it has an external
power brick or anything eat it wait
where's the stand are you there you go
that is not very impressive like I
sincerely hope this thing is decent but
this is one of the sort of issues that I
take with low-cost electronics is that
because they have a very limited
lifespan both in terms of how long
they're gonna just continue to work and
in terms of their features and no real
resale value they tend to generate a lot
of waste it feels like compared to
higher end stuff it depends on who buys
these things if you look at their page
it looks like who they're targeting or
the type of the people who actually are
still using a CRT you guys see what just
happened there on the description page
it says is your TV 20 years old and
blurry you are a lie so I think this is
like for grandpa when he finally makes
the switch because this giant CRT is
just actually kick the bucket after 25
years blue team left team left hold on
hold on think you can do with one hand
ha no look did you hear that I think
we're OK I don't think I didn't cracked
but yeah you got to have somebody to
push against
oh man this is great
integrated button layout they like they
have this on here as though that's some
kind of desirable feature but instead of
can I power it on it's plugged in
instead of a joystick configuration it's
this like orbiting configuration that
just kind of feels like nothing to the
back of your hand and obviously you're
not gonna like you're not gonna leave
this stupid sticker here so you just
have to kind of like guess this isn't
even the good Pete like the good peeling
peel this is just like tape yeah it just
feels like a like packing tape oh my joy
is so Rob oh bottom ones not too bad
this is like lady in the oh I mean
at least it does have an included remote
control oh I wasn't gonna show you that
until later cuz I wanted you to struggle
with the buttons on the back people in
the house put your hands in the egg yeah
you don't care no we don't care
we've got picture roads oh it comes in
eco by default that's interesting I
wonder if that's part of their like good
power efficiency ratings that they just
like dim the friggin backlight out of
the box kind of makes sense cuz a lot of
the reviews on Walmart's product page
say how you absolutely must change it to
dynamic picture mode video or graphic
that could be like an image return
retention thing oh you know what it
might be is like like a limited versus
full range mode maybe this will become
more clear on to have a signal going
through and you can actually see how it
jazz so what sound mode are we supposed
to choose movie movie sound and dynamic
picture is what everyone says makes it
mint
if mint is like a flavor you detest it's
mint voice guidance please keep this on
how do you like it I feel like we're
disabling how that is this thing Daisy
it sounds so sad alright alright alright
oh let me help you with that
thank you so this was the hold on a
second
yeah the fact that you got signal okay
please don't interrupt me on the fact
that we got a signal is actually pretty
nice because there's a lot of people in
the reviews saying how they either
connected to the computer and it didn't
work or they connected to a dongle and
it didn't work or all these different
things so so far I've connected this to
an Amazon fire stick and a computer and
it's worked so bless up so graphic is
how you get rid of overscan what so no
it doesn't have to do with like limited
versus full range black levels it's how
you do like just scan like pixel one to
one pixel mapping instead of having it
over skinned it's been a while since
I've looked at a 1080p display from this
close it ain't great it's not a great
experience I remember there was this guy
that I used to go to LAN parties with
back when I had a life I mean sort of I
went to LAN parties and I don't even
think his was 1080p and he was like yeah
that's great I'm like yo it's like
measurably like like with the like with
the measuring tape not great just play
it up for properties or these gonna come
up
that's weird I've never seen this they
hope they come up is that because it
you have no properties that windows are
homeless they don't call it windows for
nothing here have all the windows
windows 10 at least they're allowing you
to close them in whatever order you want
all right so I guess probably like what
we want to watch some content on it like
[Music]
really we're gonna watch mkbhd instead
of our own channel you know what fine
he's not gonna copyrights frankest
so I guess this was your agenda here you
pulled up mkbhd because you figured well
we want something with known good audio
and we can't always trust ourselves so
we can properly evaluate the speakers
fine I can take it you clicked on this
he sounds like ass no offense
yeah like no offense dude 10 grand for
that machine the a Mac Pro starts that
somehow it really does sound like it's
coming from like under the table or
something I was watching infinity war
yesterday on Netflix and it was
basically like everybody was in the
bottom of a barrel but like like it
somehow doesn't sound like it's coming
from here it somehow sounds like it's
coming from lower let's watch a trailer
this is a great hold on this is a great
freeze-frame with him
that's exactly my thoughts on this TV
Ron action I rewatched this recently it
was still good I liked it did you put
the movie mode now let me check let me
check okay oh just like glitched out
you're gonna go to the menu that's
[Applause]
this might actually be worse like I can
barely like make out the dialogue even
though this is like a trailer and
typically the dialogue is so I did some
I ran Cal man and I can I can I do a
subjective evaluation it looked like
weird artifacts in my eyes oh do you see
that is that a compression issue with
playback or is that the TV that is not
handling darks very well you can
actually see the same thing in my mouth
I actually need to grab a laptop no
that's not present on the laptop what do
you think just the colors overall I mean
they're not right but they don't stand
out to me as particularly terrible
there's not a lot of depth there's some
over saturation going on in the default
profile here at the very least it's less
noticeable in this kind of a dark scene
but here you can really see that's not a
very natural look for me oh oh wow that
is really overdone sorry people suggest
this mode yes that doesn't even look
like would launch pull up the results
here okay and this is in dynamic or
standard this one's dynamic standard
didn't fare too much better so to be
clear guys a delta e of less than 2 is
considered color accurate with less than
5 being fine for consumer-grade this is
anywhere from an average it's an average
of twelve point six and a maximum of 23
so we have dots here that are so far off
their boxes it's hard to tell what box
that it went with color space 97% of
srgb is that right yeah that's actually
not terrible should we play some games
check out the input lag all right well
if we had any doubt that the scaler in
it is a steaming pile of hot garbage
resolved on its a pokemon so we selected
a fast paced game to evaluate the TVs
input leg because I could actually see
this making a ton of sense for like just
like a side room like that like a den or
something where you just play video
games and it doesn't need to be the most
cinematic or kids like a rec room for
the console gang exactly exactly
now that's weird is this like Oprah's
over sharpening artifact or is this
because of the low res like these are
look at my edges of these strands they
look like a cheap stereo 3d effect or
something because of how sharpened they
are now I had another idea you know how
I was saying that it was hard for me to
tell if the issue was to do with just
the low resolution I haven't looked at a
1080p display from this close up in a
long time so we can figure out if it's
sharpness or if it's low res by just
adjusting it and it was definitely
that's right
wow that looks so much better and the
crazy thing too is like yeah text here -
same thing now I can make out the low
contrast more easily now oh that was
probably the I know it's still kind of
there yeah it's still there you know
what though honestly it's not that hard
to tell it's not that there's no game
mode but and it's not amazing but
considering this is a 60 Hertz display
this is very very usable for sure so
really what it's competing with then is
the Septor model that was how much 230
bucks so 50 bucks more and how big 50
inches 50 inches
now what sceptre we actually had pretty
good luck with those guys when we did
the cheapest 4k monitor on Amazon that
was a sceptre oh I got a peach we got a
good one and from the reviews on Amazon
they're pretty hit or miss so what would
you do do you buy this one turn the
sharpness off and enjoy the the dynamic
feeder quality set oh yeah you have to
factor in an extra 70 bucks for an entry
level sambar just so you can hear
dialogue you for watching The Evening
News so at that point I think I would
just spend
a little higher or if if you want to
chip out just get something used so we
want to hear from you guys in the
comments below
they both had kind of bad speakers and
kind of bad color this one had worse
color but do you take the scepter 4k but
smaller display that we featured last
time or do you take the online 1080p 43
inch one or do you just go used or do
you step up a little bit in the product
stack do you want us to take a look at
that sceptre 50 inch in the future let
us know we will be reading them because
I think we are far from done with cheap
displays can it run at 120 Hertz like
can you overclock it did we try no
didn't try all right well that didn't
work but you do you know what does story
blocks with story blocks you can
download all the stock video your heart
desires from their member library
including HD and 4k footage After
Effects templates motion backgrounds and
more we use it quite a bit here on our
tech quickie channel plus you can get
exclusive discounts on millions of
additional marketplace clips where you
save 40% on every purchase compared to
non-members and the original artists
take home a commission on the sale price
all content is royalty free so you can
use it for commercial or personal
projects such as YouTube videos or
whatever else and new clips are added
regularly so there's always something
new to download check it out today at
the link below to learn more so thanks
for watching guys if he dislikes this
video you can hit that button but if you
liked it hit like get subscribed or
maybe consider checking out where to buy
the stuff we featured at the link in the
video description James and I are sort
of not really in agreement about whether
you should or shouldn't or whether this
has any application whatsoever but I
think what we all agree on is that we
should probably have a styrene fight to
the death
[Applause]
don't sign him though because I knew
that I wasn't going to be cleaning this
up